OADP-3716: seg fault in openshift-adp-controller-manager (#73315)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-features-plugins-known-issues.adoc

----
$ oc -n openshift-adp get secret/oadp-<bsl_name>-<bsl_provider>-registry-secret -o json | jq -r '.data'
----

[id="openshift-adp-controller-manager-seg-fault_{context}"]

> == Segmentation fault

Author: ```suggestion
== `openshift-adp-controller` segmentation fault
```

> == `openshift-adp-controller` segmentation fault

Reviewer: The [repo guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references) prohibit using markup in headings. Also, IBM Style dictates using [sentence case](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-capitalization#headings-titles-and-banners) for titles. I recognize that this isn't always possible, but I think that you could easily do one of the following: 
* Use a generic reference for the controller: "OpenShift ADP Controller segmentation fault"
* If the specific object reference is important, rephrase and leave off the backtics (`): "Segmentation fault in/for openshift-adp-controller"

> The `openshift-adp-controller-manager` pod fails with a crash loop segmentation fault, when the pod crashes and is restarted indefinitely until returning a segmentation fault, when configuring a DPA with `cloudstorage` and `restic` enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configure a DPA with both `cloudstorage` and `restic` enabled, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` pod crashes and restarts indefinitely until the pod fails with a crash loop segmentation fault.
```
Does this change the meaning to much? If so, I find this a bit easier to understand.

Reviewer: Now that I have gotten to the workaround, I wonder if this would be more accurate?
```suggestion
When you a DPA with `cloudstorage` and `restic` enabled, if you specify values for the `velero` API, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` pod fails with a crash loop segmentation fault.
```

> You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, they are mutually exclusive fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, because they are mutually exclusive fields.
```

> You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, they are mutually exclusive fields.

Author: ```suggestion
You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, because they are mutually exclusive fields.
```

> You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, as they are mutually exclusive fields.

Reviewer 2: "as" -> "because" per IBM style guide. But I wouldn't hold up the merge over just this.

![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/7443887/72012a48-c348-479c-8191-5de32c6833a5)

> You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, as they are mutually exclusive fields.

Author: ```suggestion
You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, they are mutually exclusive fields.
```

> You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, as they are mutually exclusive fields.

Reviewer: I am having a hard time understanding the relationship between Restic, Velero, and CloudStorage. See my second suggestion above. 

Is Restic a part of Velero or CloudStorage? Or is Restic it an independent object fails because both CloudStorage and Velero are configured? Apologies if this distinction would be obvious to customers, but I am getting a little disoriented.

Author: @michaelryanpeter - Velero supports backing up and restoring Kubernetes volumes using a free open-source backup tool called [restic](https://github.com/restic/restic). This support is considered beta quality. Please see the list of [limitations](https://velero.io/docs/v1.5/restic/#limitations) to understand if it fits your use case.

Velero allows you to take snapshots of persistent volumes as part of your backups if you’re using one of the supported cloud providers’ block storage offerings (Amazon EBS Volumes, Azure Managed Disks, Google Persistent Disks). It also provides a plugin model that enables anyone to implement additional object and block storage backends, outside the main Velero repository.

The restic integration was added to give you an out-of-the-box solution for backing up and restoring almost any type of Kubernetes volume. This integration is an addition to Velero’s capabilities, not a replacement for existing functionality. If you’re running on AWS, and taking EBS snapshots as part of your regular Velero backups, there’s no need to switch to using restic. However, if you need a volume snapshot plugin for your storage platform, or if you’re using EFS, AzureFile, NFS, emptyDir, local, or any other volume type that doesn’t have a native snapshot concept, restic might be for you.

Restic is not tied to a specific storage platform, which means that this integration also paves the way for future work to enable cross-volume-type data migrations.

> * If you have both `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` will fail.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you have both `velero` and  `cloudstorage` defined, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` will fail.
```

> You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, as they are mutually exclusive fields.
> 
> * If you have both `velero` and  `cloudstorage` defined, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` will fail.
> * If you have neither `velero` nor `cloudstorage` defined, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` will fail.

Reviewer: IBM Style says to [avoid future tense](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense).

```suggestion
You can have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, as they are mutually exclusive fields.

* If you have both `velero` and  `cloudstorage` defined, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` fails.
* If you have neither `velero` nor `cloudstorage` defined, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` fails.
```

> For more details, see link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1054[OADP-1054].

Author: ```suggestion
For more details about this issue, see link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1054[OADP-1054].
```

> For more details about this issue, see link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1054[OADP-1054].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about this issue, see link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1054[OADP-1054].
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#cross-references

[id="openshift-adp-controller-manager-seg-fault-workaround_{context}"]

> === Segmentation fault

Author: ```suggestion
=== `openshift-adp-controller` segmentation fault workaround
```

> === `openshift-adp-controller` segmentation fault workaround

Author: ```suggestion
=== OpenShift ADP Controller segmentation fault workaround
```

> === `openshift-adp-controller` segmentation fault workaround

Reviewer: See comment above about heading guidelines.

Reviewer: Does this really need a second heading? It seems like the standard SSG format would be sufficient: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_known_issue

> To avoid the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` pod failing with a crash loops segmentation fault, ensure you have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined.

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` pod failing with a crash loops segmentation fault, ensure you have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, but not both, when configuring a DPA.
```

> To avoid the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` pod failing with a crash loops segmentation fault, ensure you have either `velero` or `cloudstorage` defined, but not both, when configuring a DPA.

Reviewer: This is a really long sentence. I suggest breaking it up.

```suggestion
You must define either `velero` or `cloudstorage` when you configure a DPA. If you define both APIs in your DPA, the `openshift-adp-controller-manager` pod fails with a crash loop segmentation fault.
```
